
HOME
MY SUBSCRIPTIONS
SUBSCRIPTION PLANS
MOST POPULAR ARTICLES
CONTACT US
FAQs
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL

Back
We, The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited (TPML) are the publishers of Deccan Herald and Prajavani newspapers and related publications. We own and manage the internet websites https://www.deccanherald.com, https://www.prajavani.net/, https://printersmysore.com, https://epaper.deccanherald.com, https://epaper.prajavani.net and www.exammastermind.com (Hereinafter referred to as ‘sites/s’ and/or ‘website/s’), Deccan Herald Mobile App, Prajavani Mobile App (hereinafter referred to as ‘Mobile Apps’) as part of our publishing group.

We are committed to the protection of personal privacy and have adopted a policy to protect information about individuals. Any or all information that you may provide to us shall be kept strictly confidential unless the same is required to be disclosed or acted upon during legal proceedings, as and when the need arises.

Users are invited to submit comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning TPML publications and the website's and/or Mobile App contents, provided they understand that such comments will be subject to moderation & TPML reserves the right to remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others.

What type of data we collect

Personal information: Depending on your actions on our site and/or Mobile Apps, we collect different information of you when you register (signup) on our site and/or Mobile Apps, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. While signing up with us, you may need to place your name, gender, mobile number, date of birth, and email. Address, and billing address (if intended to make a purchase/ if you wish to contribute to us for the cause of good journalism). Our primary goal in collecting, using, and sharing user information is to enhance your experience on the Site, and improve its features, performance, and other elements. Your user information may be used for the purposes outlined below.

For the purposes of this privacy policy, 'Personal Information' is any data which relates to an individual who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is in possession of TPML.

We collect the following categories of Personal Information:

Information that you provide via our website, when you register on our website e.g. name, email address and mobile number;
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this Site, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographics, your computers’ operating system, and browser type and information collected via cookies
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services.
Non-personal information: We also collect some non-personally identifiable data, such as demographic information regarding, e.g. user IP addresses, browser types and other anonymous statistical data regarding the use of our website and/or Mobile Apps.

Who has the access to your data

We don’t share your data with third-parties in a way as to reveal any of your personal information like email, name, etcetera (subject to laws and regulations). If you have been through the ways we collect data from, Only our administrators have access to your data. No third party can access to your data from us. However, you can review and delete your data whenever you want.

What purposes your data are used for

The data is used for providing personalized news feed in the Mobile Apps based on the content preference and reading habits of the user. Personal and other information you may provide when registering, subscribing and/or responding to surveys may be used for the following purposes:

To provide better usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance
To understand which parts of the website are visited and how frequently
To create your user ID
To identify you once you register on our website
To contact you and respond to your questions or requests
To provide access to desirable content based on your preferences
For marketing communications – we may use your information and share with our business partners for marketing purposes, as permitted by law
How long do we retain your information

When you register for an account, we process and keep your personal data we have about you for as long as you don’t delete the account/unsubscribe yourself (subject to laws and regulations).

What we don’t do with your personal data

We do not and will never share, disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personal data to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services. TPML does not share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. TPML does not sell your Personal Information to third parties.

How we process these data

The collected data are processed in several ways. We use your personally identifiable information (name, email address, etc.) to identify you in order to contact, send newsletter, and provide products & supports. The non-personal data may be used to improve the service. We share your Personal Information within

TPML Business Verticals (Departments)
Business partners;
Service vendors;
Authorized third-party agents.
What rights you have over your data

If you have an account on our site and/or Mobile Apps, or have comments, you can see your personal data on the account management page. You can also place a request to erase your data. This does not include data we are required to keep for security, administrative or legal purposes.

Control of Your Information

All users may elect to stop receiving marketing material from us or on behalf of external third-party business partners by following instructions at the end of any such email received. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the marketing emails we send you.

To Target Content and Advertising

We may use your user information for advertising purposes in order to promote our Site or our other products or services, and the products and services of third parties. To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests, we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our Site you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas.

To Provide Interactive Communications from the Site

To enhance your experience, from time to time, we may provide emails or SMS highlighting new features, or promotions on the Site, and may use your information and share with our business partners for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.

As Necessary to Provide Services to You

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of emailer or newsletter mailings, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the user information they need to deliver the service. In all cases, these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your user information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

Third party links on our site and/or Mobile Apps

We may talk about third party products and services on our website and/or Mobile Apps. Third party sites have their own privacy policies. So, therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.

What data breach procedures we have in place

If in any case a breach of data such as loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, personal data transmission, storage or otherwise processed happens, we will notify you immediately after we become aware of. TPML adopts reasonable and appropriate security practices and procedures and technical controls in order to safeguard your Personal Information.

How you can review, update, get a copy or delete your data

You can review and update your information at any time by going to your account management page. If you want to delete or get a copy of your data on our site and/or Mobile Apps, send a mail to digital.feedback@printersmysore.co.in. We will do that with immediate effect.

What if we make changes to our Privacy Policy?

We may bring necessary modifications to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any change made or any new point added to the Privacy Policy described above will be published here on this page. The major changes will also be informed through newsletter.

What is My News?

My News feature provides personalized news feeds based on user’s content preferences and reading habits. We take the content category and geography preference from the user and provide a personalized news feed. We use a news personalization engine to understand user reading habits and continuously improve the personalized news feed. We never share this data with any third party.

Cookie Policy for The Printers Mysore Ltd.

What Are Cookies

When you use this website and/or Mobile Apps, you agree to accept our cookie policy. As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site and/or Mobile Apps uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the site's and/or Mobile App’s functionality.

For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.

How We Use Cookies

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site and/or Mobile Apps. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

Disabling Cookies

You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site and/or Mobile Apps. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

The Cookies We Set

If you create an account with us, then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterward to remember your site preferences when logged out.

We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.

This site and/or Mobile Apps offer a newsletter/email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.

From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change pages.

When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.

To provide you with a great experience on this site and/or Mobile Apps, we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site and/or Mobile Apps run when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.

To provide readers like you with a great experience on this site and/or Mobile Apps and right recommendations, we will track your journey from story to story and we keep track of the same.

Third Party Cookies

In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site and/or Mobile Apps.

This site and/or Mobile Apps use Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and/or Mobile Apps and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and/or Mobile Apps and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.

For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.

The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertisements uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.

For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.

If you have any concerns or questions, please use contact details as found in this website. Thank you for taking the time to read our Policy and Disclaimer.

© 2020 All Rights Reserved by The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited. Powered by Summit